Swimming
Peppa and herfamily
are at the swimming poll.
Daddy pig is wearing
his swimming costume.
Mummy pig is wearing
herswimming costume.
Peppa is wearing
Hurry up, George!
Everyone is waiting.
George is wearing
his swimming costume.
Peppa, George,
let daddy put on yourarmbands.
There, George,
Your armbands make you
look very grown-up.
Now, me!
Good!
Now we can go in the water.
Hooray!
It is George's first time
at a swimming pool.
Why don't you put just
one foot into the water?
Maybe you should
try the otherfoot.
Maybe George should try both
feet at the same time.
Good idea.
Well done, George!
But you don't need to
splash quite so much.
Here is Rebecca Rabbit
with her little brother,
Richard Rabbit.
Hello, Rebecca!
Hello, everyone!
Richard, hold onto this float
and you can practice kicking your legs.
George, would you like to
try kicking your legs?
Very good,
but try not to splash.
Big children don't splash.
We are very good at swimming.
When George and Richard are older,
they'll be able to swim like us,
won't they, Rebecca?
Yes
Oh!
Richard has a toy watering can.
Stop it, Richard!
Oh, dear,
Richard has dropped his watering
can into the pool.
Mummy!
Sorry, Richard,
I can't reach.
It's too fardown.
Mummy!
I can't swim underwater.
Even I can't swim underwater.
Mmm, please hold my glasses, mummy pig.
Er
Hooray!
There you go!
Well done, daddy pig!
I am rathergood at
swimming underwater.
The watering can is for babies.
Can we jump off the diving
boards above now?
Sorry, Peppa,
diving boards are only
forthe grown-ups.
Cheer up, you two.
You can watch me dive.
Silly daddy,
your tummy is too big.
Nonsense!
I won trophies for my diving
when I was younger.
That's quite a long time ago, daddy pig.
It's lucky I've kept myself
so fit and strong.
Please hold my glasses, mummy pig.
You'll get a better view
if you watch me from the side.
Please don't splash us
with water, daddy.
Of course I won't splash you, Peppa.
I think I need a higher board.
Please be careful, daddy pig.
Yes, don't splash us, daddy.
Don't worry, Peppa.
Don't splash us with water, daddy.
I told you I wouldn't splash.
Clever daddy.
Well done, Daddy Pig.
No need for my towel,
I've got a special way
of drying myself.
Daddy pig has splashed
everyone with water.
Daddy pig.
Sorry, everyone.